[Music]
lenovo's Legion laptops are some of the
best performing devices in their class
and they're very popular for good reason
uh so they have a bunch of new ones
Lenovo and Intel wanted to sponsor this
video so you guys can get an early look
at these two this is the legion 7i this
is the legion Pro 7i and they're
marketed a little bit differently this
year so this product here the pro 7i
still where you're going to get the most
powerful hardware for the best
performance for competitive Gamers but
this product the regular Legion 7 is a
little bit different this year this
replaces the slim monoc kurd product uh
it's just uh it's kind of like a hybrid
product where it's built to be really
good for enthusiast Gamers but also
still has the styling and weight
characteristics of like a more normal
laptop it's not like super gamery it's
thinner and lighter than the pro product
but let's dive in so this device is
where I'm going to start the new regular
Legion 7 this device is well first of
all it's color they've had white laptops
in the legion product line before but
they were never available in North
America I think they were like region
specific this is the first time I've
seen a white laptop from the Lenova
Legion line it looks awesome like this
is It's So Clean like it's just pure
white the keys are white the bottom
panel is also white like everything is
just super white even the rubber strips
on the bottom these things might get
slain if you're using it on like really
dirty materials but very white laptop
and I love the look of it it's an all
design where they focus on keeping the
device thin and light but they also
increase the system wattage and the
overall performance which is really
difficult to do the way you would do it
though is by tackling the thermal system
so this here is the predecessor of that
product this is last year's Legion slim
7 and if you look at the thermal system
here cold air gets sucked in and then it
gets exhausted out the sides and the
back this is very kind of standard
thermal design on a lot of laptops but
the thermal system on the legion 7 is a
little bit different so if you look at
the back panel here you'll notice a
bunch of vents but when you open this up
and you look at it you'll realize that
half of these vents are covered up maybe
even more than half and there's also
there's foam outline here and there's
also foam elements here and the purpose
of this kind of covering and these foam
pieces is that they're creating a middle
section here that they call the hyper
chamber it's a sealed off section so
that the air flow is driven in a very
particular way so the air will come in
through the the fans here just being
sucked in and then there's obviously
some that blows out the back here but
there's a huge chunk of air that's blown
across the middle into the sealed
section and then it goes out the back so
if you'll notice this whole device has
no side ventilation but all of the ports
or all the exhausts are on the back like
basically the entire back segment is an
exhaust and the difference it makes is
surprisingly significant they've been
able to increase wattage and performance
while having measurably lower
temperatures and quieter fans all in the
same kind of form factor and weight
class as before it's really well done
now granted this is a early kind of pre
retail version of this so I'm imagine
there's like more tuning involved but
first impressions pretty good uh now the
legion Pro 7i still has the same thermal
design as the previous generation that
uses a vapor chamber which is a little
bit beefier but very effective now both
of these devices are running Intel's new
14th gen core processors which for my
testing on these early there's only a
slight bump up in performance compared
to the 13th gen but if you want the
highest possible C performance these are
the chips to do it and because they are
overclockable in lenovo's software you
can let them rip at full blast there's a
lot of control in that software uh but
there's also a new chip from Intel out
right now called the meteor Lake core
Ultra chips and those are very cool
they're very energy efficient but they
don't have the same kind of top-end
performance as these devices if you want
like just the best possible CPU
performance these are still the Kings
and so if you're looking at at these
products and you're like you're trying
to decide between the two if you're just
playing like mid-tier gaming uh or if
you're kind of like kind of medium
content creation you don't really need
the fastest CPU that stuff is great but
if you want like literally the best
possible performance you can get in
laptops you do have to get one of these
chips though they're a little more power
hungry but they get the job done the Pro
Models can be configured with up to an
RTX 4090 the regular models can go up to
an RTX 470 now when it comes to battery
life both of these devices are very good
for their product class because they
both have very big batteries the biggest
battery you can get but these are gaming
laptops with performance Focus chips
they're not going to have the longest
battery life they are however very good
for achieving the highest possible
performance in games and also if you're
a student or recent grad and you want a
device that's you know reasonably
portable but has excellent performance
for like 3D work or engineering stuff or
math stuff like something like this it
would fit the ticket portable yet really
high performance okay these laptops also
run lenovo's new AI chips the slim
models running the new newest version of
it the la3 and these chips have scenario
detection and other tools to boost the
performance of the device when it's
underload now a quick note about the
keyboard This is a Lenovo Legion
keyboard and as You' expect it's awesome
and I think it's because Lenovo owns
ThinkPad and all the IP around the
ThinkPad keyboards just trickled down to
this device so uh very easy to type on
very fast and responsive now the
shortcut game is always it always
surprises me that these are the only
guys that do this when you press
function all the short cutable Keys
light up right so I can switch between
the different keyboard profiles I can
get some flashy RGB I can change the
brightness of the RGB but also you can
change between the fan profiles with
just a shortcut I've always love that
even the screen refresh rate if you want
to go from like 60 to 240 htz and then
back is just a shortcut you don't have
to mess around in Windows settings and
stuff it's really nice uh the screen
awesome screens both these devices use
pure sight gaming displays that have
options to go up to 240 HZ with great
color gamut and brightness they're
awesome for playing games and watching
shows uh the port selection between the
two devices a little bit different the
pro model has an Ethernet Jack the
regular model doesn't but it does have
an SD card slot and obviously there's a
few differences in the usba and USBC
configurations but they're both kind of
aimed at the appropriate audience I
would say uh but there you have it the
new Legion 7i and Legion Pro
[Music]
7i